Meet the fairy aunt
Immortal aunt forgive me
Please forgive me, please forgive me!
A group of frogs in a well
Immortal Aunt, as long as you are willing to submit to me
glory and wealth
All the dignitaries belong to you
You want to win me over
Yes, fairy aunt
You should be loyal to the emperor
Get out of here
You kneel down for me
I am the Son of Heaven
Can't kneel
So what if you are the Son of Heaven?
In front of my master, they are all a bunch of ants
Yang Fan
Lord, I am willing to dedicate my white-collar workers to you
And the nine clans
I'll kill them now.
How about you pretend that today's event never happened?
Zhou Tianyu, what do you take me for?
I'm not your thing
Shut up
It's you who made me miserable
Even the Son of Heaven
God is going to kill my Li family
God is going to kill my nine clans
Please let me go
Chen family, I, Chen Ruoxi, are willing to fight with my life
I would also like to fight with my life
I said the big move is for sure
Fortune has been decided
Please
No use Yang Fan
Don't go too far
Do you have to force the fish to die?
Don't be surprised
I am Qin Shilai